shut up guys so welcome back to lose me
near where you watch me watch on Monday
Night Raw live commentary live reaction
right here we got this feud it and it's
still going on oh my god what a
connection is body pretzel too I thought
it was over as soon as I turn it on that
was like a knockout kick holy jesus baby
Jesus oh and it needed a face this is a
few that's been going on for a while the
mids he'll turn d you know it was a tag
team partner wait Kofi and they don't
want to tag them and not a good teammate
not a good team player alright so now
they can have to face each other and
Kofi met and rightfully so and look at
him oh my god like a football one two
just stay down ms it's not even worth it
not worth it Kofi's going after the
missus hedge God get him to his feet
pushing him back trying to create some
separation off the road oh he caught on
to the ropes he almost got some trouble
in paradise who wants trouble in
paradise not ms because he is outside
the ring looking around doesn't look
like he wants any more action yeah he's
like I'm done all the crowd in Seattle
is fantastic they're like booing him
would you stay in there you scaredy-cat
Oh coffee from behind damn
going after them Oh San barricade head
first put him in the ring open top Oh
nail them in the corner now go for the
roll-up one two go get kicked off oh
right into the turnbuckle now one two
three miz wins guys follow me on
facebook follow me on twitter follow me
to scream like me on facebook like me on
twitter like me and everywhere subscribe
to the bike